
Script for an episode of futurama written by a main character of the show

Title: "Bender's Day Off"

Act 1:

The episode opens with Bender lounging at home, enjoying a beer and watching daytime TV. Suddenly, a loud knock is heard at the door. Bender groans and gets up to answer it.

At the door is Leela.

Leela: "Bender, we need your help at the Planet Express building. There's a huge shipment of crates that need to be moved."

Bender: "Sorry, Leela. I'm taking the day off. I need some time for myself."

Leela: "But, Bender, we need you."

Bender: "Tough luck, Leela. I'm not going to work today. I deserve a break."

Leela is taken aback, but shrugs and leaves.

Act 2:

As the day goes on, Bender finds that he's not enjoying himself as much as he thought he would. He becomes bored and restless, and starts to regret his decision to take the day off.

He decides to call Fry and see if he wants to hang out, but Fry is busy working.

Bender tries to find something to do to pass the time, but nothing seems to be working.

He even try to reach out with some friends but all are busy.

Act 3:

In the evening, Bender gets a call from Leela. She sounds panicked and urgently asks Bender to come to the Planet Express building.

Bender, feeling guilty for not being there to help earlier, rushes to the building.

When he arrives, he finds that the situation is even worse than Leela had described. The crates have become unbalanced and are about to fall and destroy the building.

Bender quickly assesses the situation and comes up with a plan. He uses his robotic strength and agility to hold up the crates and prevent them from falling.

The other employees, including Leela and Fry, look on in amazement as Bender single-handedly saves the building.

Act 4:

After the crisis is averted, Bender is hailed as a hero. Leela thanks him for coming to their aid and tells him that they couldn't have done it without him.

Bender feels a sense of pride and accomplishment, and realizes that sometimes, the most rewarding experiences come from helping others.

Fry: "Man, Bender that was something else, you were amazing!"

Bender: "I know right, I need to stop being selfish, we are a team, you know?"

Leela: "We're glad you came back Bender"

The episode ends with Bender and the others sitting in the break room, sharing a round of beers and laughs. Bender smiles, feeling content and fulfilled.

Fade to black.

The End.


