In the Flesh?


...we came in?


So ya thought ya might like to go to the show
To feel the warm thrill of confusion, that space cadet glow


Tell me, is something eluding you, sunshine?
Is this not what you expected to see?


If you wanna find out what's behind these cold eyes
You'll just have to claw your way through this disguise
Lights!
Roll the sound effects!
Action!
Drop it, drop it on 'em
Drop it, drop it on them!
*Airplane descending*
*Baby Crying*


The Thin Ice


Momma loves her baby
And Daddy loves you too
And the sea may look warm to you, babe
And the sky may look blue
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, babe
Ooh-ooh-ooh, baby blue
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, babe


If you should go skating
On the thin ice of modern life


Dragging behind you, the silent reproach
Of a million tear stained eyes


Don't be surprised when a crack in the ice
Appears under your feet
You'll slip out of your depth and out of your mind
With your fear flowing out behind you
As you claw the thin ice


Another Brick in the Wall, pt. 1


Daddy's flown across the ocean


Leaving just a memory
A snapshot in the family album
Daddy, what else did you leave for me?
Daddy, what'd ya leave behind for me?


All in all, it was just a brick in the wall
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall


Hey!
*Children playing*


The Happiest Days of Our Lives


You! Yes, you! Stand still, laddie!


When we grew up and went to school
There were certain teachers who
Would hurt the children in any way they could (Oof!)
By pouring their derision upon anything we did
Exposing every weakness
However carefully hidden by the kid
But in the town, it was well known, when they got home at night
Their fat and psychopathic wives would thrash them within inches of their lives


Another Brick in the Wall, pt. 2


We don't need no education


We don't need no thought control


No dark sarcasm in the classroom


Teacher, leave them kids alone
Hey! Teacher! Leave them kids alone!


All in all, it's just another brick in the wall


All in all, you're just another brick in the wall


We don't need no education
We don't need no thought control


No dark sarcasm in the classroom


Teachers, leave them kids alone
Hey! Teacher! Leave us kids alone!


All in all, you're just another brick in the wall
All in all, you're just another brick in the wall


Wrong, do it again! (*Children playing*)
Wrong, do it again!


If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
(Wrong, do it again!)
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
(Wrong, do it again!)
You! Yes! You behind the bike sheds! Stand still, laddie!
(If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?)
(You! Yes! You behind the bike sheds! Stand still, laddie!)
*Children playing*
*Phone beeping sound*


Mother


Mother, do you think they'll drop the bomb?


Mother, do you think they'll like this song?
Mother, do you think they'll try to break my balls?


Ooh-ah, Mother, should I build the wall?


Mother, should I run for president?
Mother, should I trust the government?


Mother, will they put me in the firing line?
Ooh-ah, is it just a waste of time?


Hush now, baby, baby, don't you cry
Mamma's gonna make all of your nightmares come true
Mamma's gonna put all of her fears into you


Mamma's gonna keep you right here, under her wing
She won't let you fly, but she might let you sing
Mamma's gonna keep baby cosy and warm


Ooh babe, ooh babe, ooh babe


Of course, Mamma's gonna help build the wall


Mother, do you think she's good enough… For me?
Mother, do you think she's dangerous… To me?
Mother, will she tear your little boy apart?
Ooh-ah, Mother, will she break my heart?


Hush now, baby, baby, don't you cry
Mamma's gonna check out all your girlfriends for you
Mamma won't let anyone dirty get through
Mamma's gonna wait up until you get in
Mamma will always find out where you've been
Mamma's gonna keep baby healthy and clean


Ooh babe, ooh babe, ooh babe
You'll always be “baby” to me


Mother, did it need to be so high?


Goodbye Blue Sky


Look, Mummy!
There's an airplane up in the sky


Ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Did-did-did-did you see the frightened ones?
Did-did-did-did you hear the falling bombs?


Did-did-did-did you ever wonder why we had to run for shelter when the promise of a brave new world unfurled beneath the clear blue sky?
Ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Did-did-did-did you see the frightened ones?
Did-did-did-did you hear the falling bombs?
The flames are all long gone
But the pain lingers on


Goodbye, blue sky
Goodbye, blue sky
Goodbye
Goodbye


Empty Spaces


Roger Waters: .yakO
James Guthrie: !enohp eht no s’enyloraC !regoR
Roger Waters: …tnoflahC ,mraF ynnuF eht fo erac ,kniP dlO ot rewsna ruoy dnes esaelP .egassem terces eht derevocsid tsuj evah uoY .snoitalutargnoC … akuL ,olleH


What shall we use to fill the empty spaces
Where we used to talk?


How shall I fill the final places?


How should I complete the wall?
Young Lust


(Ah) I am just a new boy
A stranger in this town
Where are all the good times?
Who's gonna show this stranger around?


Ooh, I need a dirty woman
Ooh, I need a dirty girl


Will some woman in this desert land
Make me feel like a real man?
Take this rock-and-roll refugee
Ooh, baby, set me free


Ooh, I need a dirty woman
Ooh, I need a dirty girl


Ooh, I need a dirty woman
Ooh, I need a dirty girl


*Phone beeping*
"Hello?"
"Yes, a collect call for Mrs. Floyd from Mr. Floyd. Will you accept the charge from the United States?"
*Phone clicks*
"Oh, he hung up. That's your residence, right? Well, I wonder why he hung up. Is there supposed to be someone out there besides your wife there to answer?"
*Phone redials and beeps again*
"Hello?"
"This is the United States calling. Are we reaching..."
*Phone clicks*
"See, he keeps hanging up, and it's a man answering."


One of My Turns


“Oh my God! What a fabulous room! Are all these your guitars?”
(“I'm sorry sir, I didn't mean to startle you”)
“God! This place is bigger than our apartment!”
(“Let me know when you're entering a room”)
(“Yes, sir”)
“Um, can I get a drink of water?”
(“I was wondering about”)
“You want some, huh?”
(“Yes”)
“Oh, wow! Hey, look at this tub! Wanna take a bath?”
(“I'll have to find out from Mrs. Bancroft what time she wants to meet us, for her main”)
“What are you watching?”
(“If you'll just let me know as soon as you can, Mrs. Bancroft… Mrs. Bancroft”)
“Hello?”
(“I don't understand”)
“Are you feeling okay?”


Day after day, the love turns gray
Like the skin of the dying man
And night after night, we pretend it's all right
But I have grown older, and you have grown colder
And nothing is very much fun any more


And I can feel one of my turns coming on
I feel cold as a razor blade, tight as a tourniquet
Dry as a funeral drum


Run to the bedroom, in the suitcase on the left
You'll find my favourite axe


Don't look so frightened, this is just a passing phase
One of my bad days


Would you like to watch TV? Or get between the sheets?


Or contemplate the silent freeway?
Would you like something to eat? Would you like to learn to fly?
Would ya? Would you like to see me try?


Ah, no!


Would you like to call the cops?
Do you think it's time I stopped?
Why are you running away?


Don’t Leave Me Now


Ooh, babe, don't leave me now


Don't say it's the end of the road
Remember the flowers I sent


I need you, babe
To put through the shredder in front of my friends


Oh, babe, don't leave me now


How could you go?
When you know how I need you
(Need you, need you, need you, need you, need you, need you)
To beat to a pulp on a Saturday night


Oh, babe, don't leave me now


How can you treat me this way?
Running away
Ooh, babe, why are you running away?


Ooh, babe
Ooh, babe
Ooh, babe
Ooh, ooh
Argh!


Another Brick in the Wall, pt. 3


*Sounds from TV*


I don't need no arms around me


And I don't need no drugs to calm me


I have seen the writing on the wall
Don't think I need anything at all
No, don't think I'll need anything at all


All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall
All in all, you were all just bricks in the wall


Goodbye Cruel World


Goodbye, cruel world, I'm leaving you today
Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye
Goodbye, all you people, there's nothing you can say
To make me change my mind, goodbye


Hey You


Hey you, out there in the cold, getting lonely, getting old
Can you feel me?


Hey you, standing in the aisles with itchy feet and fading smiles
Can you feel me?


Hey you
Don't help them to bury the light


Don't give in without a fight


Hey you, out there on your own, sitting naked by the phone
Would you touch me?


Hey you with your ear against the wall, waiting for someone to call out
Would you touch me?


Hey you
Would you help me to carry the stone?


Open your heart, I'm coming home


But it was only fantasy
The wall was too high, as you can see


No matter how he tried, he could not break free
And the worms ate into his brain




[Breakdown]


Hey you, out there on the road, always doing what you're told
Can you help me?


Hey you, out there beyond the wall, breaking bottles in the hall
Can you help me?


Hey you, don't tell me there's no hope at all
Together we stand, divided we fall


(We fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall, we fall...)


Is There Anybody Out There?


”Well, only got an hour of daylight left, better get started. Isn't it unsafe to travel at night? It'll be a lot less safe to stay here. Your father's gonna pick up our trail before long. Can Lorca ride? He'll have to ride. Lorca, time to go! Chengra, thank you for everything. Let's go. Goodbye, Chengra, Goodbye, Missy! I'll be back one day”


Is there anybody out there?
Is there anybody out there?
Is there anybody out there?
Ah, is there anybody out there?


Nobody Home


"But there's somebody else that needs taking care of in Washington..."
"Who's that?"
"Rose Pilchitt!"
"Rose Pilchitt? Who's that?"
*Kid screams in background*
(Shut up!)
"36-24-36 *Laughs* does that answer your question?"
(Oi! I've got a little black book with me poems in!)
"Who's she?"
"She was 'Miss Armoured Division' in 1961... "


I've got a little black book with my poems in


Got a bag with a toothbrush and a comb in
When I'm a good dog they sometimes throw me a bone in


I got elastic bands keeping my shoes on


Got those swollen hand blues


I've got thirteen channels of shit on the T.V. to choose from


I've got electric light
And I've got second sight


I've got amazing powers of observation


And that is how I know
When I try to get through
On the telephone to you
There will be nobody home


I've got the obligatory Hendrix perm


And the inevitable pinhole burns
All down the front of my favourite satin shirt


I've got nicotine stains on my fingers
I've got a silver spoon on a chain
I've got a grand piano to prop up my mortal remains


I've got wild staring eyes


And I've got a strong urge to fly
But I've got nowhere to fly to
 (Fly to... fly to... fly to...)


Ooh, babe, when I pick up the phone


("Surprise, surprise, surprise...")


There's still nobody home


I've got a pair of Gohil's boots


And I've got fading roots


Vera


"Where the hell are you?
"Where the hell are you, Simon?" *Shots*


Does anybody here remember Vera Lynn?


Remember how she said that
We would meet again some sunny day?


Vera, Vera, what has become of you?


Does anybody else in here feel the way I do?


Bring the Boys Back Home


Bring the boys back home
Bring the boys back home
Don't leave the children on their own, no, no
Bring the boys back home


"Wrong, do it again!"
*Knock* "Time to go!"
"Are you feeling okay?"
"He keeps hanging up, and it's a man answering!"
"Hahahahaha!!!!!!"
Is there anybody out there?


Comfortably Numb


Hello? (Hello, hello, hello)
Is there anybody in there?
Just nod if you can hear me
Is there anyone home?
Come on (Come on, come on), now
I hear you're feeling down
Well, I can ease your pain
And get you on your feet again
Relax (Relax, relax, relax)
I'll need some information first
Just the basic facts
Can you show me where it hurts?


There is no pain, you are receding


A distant ship, smoke on the horizon


You are only coming through in waves
Your lips move, but I can't hear what you're saying


When I was a child, I had a fever
My hands felt just like two balloons


Now I've got that feeling once again
I can't explain, you would not understand
This is not how I am


I have become comfortably numb


I have become comfortably numb


Okay (Okay, okay, okay)
Just a little pinprick
There'll be no more
But you may feel a little sick


Can you stand up? (Stand up, stand up)
I do believe it's working, good
That'll keep you going through the show
Come on, it's time to go


There is no pain, you are receding


A distant ship, smoke on the horizon


You are only coming through in waves
Your lips move, but I can't hear what you're saying


When I was a child, I caught a fleeting glimpse
Out of the corner of my eye
I turned to look, but it was gone
I cannot put my finger on it now
The child is grown, the dream is gone


I have become comfortably numb


The Show Must Go On


(Ah-ah) Ooh, ooh-hoo, ooh, ooh
(Ah-ah)
(Ah-ah)
(Ooh-ma, ah, ooh-pa) Must the show go on?
(Ooh-pa, take me home, take me home, take me home)
(Ooh-ma, let me go, let me go, let me go)


There must be some mistake, I didn't mean to let them
Take away my soul, am I too old, is it too late?


(Ooh-ma, ooh-pa) Where has the feeling gone?


(Ooh-ma, ooh-pa) Will I remember the song?


(Ooh, ooh, ah) The show must go on


In the Flesh


"Three, two... fire!"


So ya thought ya might like to go to the show
To feel the warm thrill of confusion, that space cadet glow


I've got some bad news for you sunshine
Pink isn't well, he stayed back at the hotel


And they sent us along as a surrogate band
We're gonna find out where you fans really stand


Are there any queers in the theater tonight?
Get them up against the wall
(Against the wall)
Now there's one in the spotlight, he don't look right to me
Get him up against the wall
(Against the—)
And that one looks Jewish and that one's a coon!
Who let all of this riff-raff into the room?
There's one smoking a joint and another with spots
If I had my way, I'd have all of them shot!


Run Like Hell


Run, run, run, run
Run, run, run, run
Run, run, run, run
Run, run, run, run




You better make your face up with your favourite disguise
With your button down lips and your roller blind eyes


With your empty smile and your hungry heart
Feel the bile rising from your guilty past



With your nerves in tatters as the cockleshell shatters


And the hammers batter down your door


You better run!


Run, run, run, run
Run, run, run, run
Run, run, run, run
Run, run, run, run


You better run all day and run all night
And keep your dirty feelings deep inside


And if you're taking your girlfriend out tonight
You better park the car well out of sight
Cause if they catch you in the back seat trying to pick her locks
They're gonna send you back to Mother in a cardboard box


You better run!


Waiting for the Worms


"Eins, zwei, drei, alle!"


Ooh-ooh, you cannot reach me now
Ooh-ooh, no matter how you try


Goodbye, cruel world, it's over
Walk on by




Sitting in a bunker here behind my wall
Waiting for the worms to come (Worms to come)
In perfect isolation here behind my wall
Waiting for the worms to come


Testing. One. Two. One. Two. The worms will convene at 1:15 outside Brixton Town Hall where we will be going in force!


(Waiting) To cut out the deadwood
(Waiting) To clean up the city
(Waiting) To follow the worms
(Waiting) To put on a black shirt


(Waiting) To weed out the weaklings
(Waiting) To smash in their windows and kick in their doors


(Waiting) For the final solution to strengthen the strain
(Waiting) To follow the worms
(Waiting) To turn on the showers and fire the ovens
(Waiting) For the queers and the coons and the reds and the Jews


(Waiting) To follow the worms


Would you like to see Britannia rule again
(Would you like to see us rule again)
My friend?


All you have to do is follow the worms


Would you like to send our coloured cousins home again
(Would you like to send them home again)
My friend?


All you need to do is follow the worms


The Worms will convene outside Brixton Bus Station, where we'll be moving along at about 12 o'clock down Stockwell Road


At that point, we'll be heading towards Lambeth Road, where we will walk calmly with resistance, leaving twelve minutes to three as we move along Lambeth Road towards Vauxhall Bridge


Now when we get to the other side of Vauxhall Bridge, we're in Westminister Borough area. It's quite possible that we may encounter some Jew boys all the way from 4, 5, and 6 on the way as we go


Now is the time to clean up the city, for this is the beginning! We need to secure our people! We can't stand around and let ourselves be robbed, maimed, and killed!


And when we make it to the Highclock Corner, I want you to spread out and find them!


Storm the halls, and then tear the walls and the doors! Break down the doors and hunt them where they are!


(Hammer! Hammer! Hammer! Hammer!)


Stop!


Stop


I wanna go home
Take off this uniform and leave the show


But I'm waiting in this cell, because I have to know
(Have to know, have to know...)
Have I been guilty all this time?
(Have to know, have to know, have to know, have to know...)
(Time, time, time, time...)


The Trial


Good morning, Worm your honour
The crown will plainly show 
the prisoner
Who now stands before you
Was caught red-handed showing feelings
Showing feelings of an almost human nature


This will not do
Call the schoolmaster!


I always said he'd come to no good in the end, your honour


If they'd let me have my way, I could have flayed him into shape
But my hands were tied, the bleeding hearts and artists
Let him get away with murder, let me hammer him today


Crazy, toys in the attic, I am crazy
Truly gone fishing
They must have taken my marbles away!
(Crazy, toys in the attic, he is crazy)




You little shit, you're in it now, I hope they throw away the key


You should have talked to me more often than you did, but no!


You had to go your own way
Have you broken any homes up lately?


Just five minutes, Worm your honour, him and me, alone




Babe!


Come to mother baby, let me hold you in my arms
M'lud I never wanted him to get in any trouble
Why'd he ever have to leave me?
Worm, your honour, let me take him home


Crazy, over the rainbow, I am crazy


Bars in the window


There must have been a door there in the wall
When I came in


(Crazy, over the rainbow, he is crazy)


The evidence before the court is incontrovertible
There's no need for the jury to retire


In all my years of judging, I have never heard before
Of someone more deserving of the full penalty of law
The way you made them suffer, your exquisite wife and mother
Fills me with the urge to defecate


(Go on, Judge, shit on him!)


Since, my friend, you have revealed your deepest fear
I sentence you to be exposed before your peers
Tear down the wall!


Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
*explosion*
*bricks crumbling*


Outside the Wall


All alone, or in twos
The ones who really love you
Walk up and down, outside the wall
Some hand in hand
And some gathered together in bands
The bleeding hearts and the artists make their stand


And when they've given you their all
Some stagger and fall, after all it's not easy
Banging your heart against some mad bugger's wall


Isn't this where...