The Post War Dream


“…announced plans to build a nuclear fallout shelter at Peterborough in Cambridgeshire…”


“…three high court judges have cleared the way…”
“…It was announced today that the replacement for the Atlantic
Conveyor, the container ship lost in the Falklands conflict would be built in Japan. A spokesman for…”


“…moving in. They say the third world countries, like Bolivia, which produce the drug are suffering from rising violence…”


Tell me true, tell me why, was Jesus crucified?


Was it for this that Daddy died?


Was it you? Was it me?
Did I watch too much T.V.?
Is that a hint of accusation in your eyes?
If it wasn't for the Nips
Being so good at building ships
The yards would still be open on the Clyde


And it can't be much fun for them
Beneath the rising sun
With all their kids committing suicide


What have we done, Maggie, what have we done?
What have we done to England?


NOW
PLAYING


Should we shout, should we scream
“What happened to the post war dream?”


Oh, Maggie, Maggie, what did we do?


Your Possible Pasts


They flutter behind you your possible pasts
Some bright-eyed and crazy, some frightened and lost
A warning to anyone still in command
“Ranks! Fire”
Of their possible future, to take care
In derelict sidings the poppies entwine
With cattle trucks lying in wait for the next time



Do you remember me? How we used to be?
Do you think we should be closer?
(Closer, closer, closer, closer, closer, closer, closer)


She stood in the doorway, the ghost of a smile
Haunting her face like a cheap hotel sign
Her cold eyes imploring the men in their Macs


For the gold in their bags or the knives in their backs


Stepping up boldly one put out his hand
He said, “I was just a child then, now I’m only a man.”


Do you remember me? How we used to be?
Do you think we should be closer?
(Closer, closer, closer, closer, closer)


By the cold and religious we were taken in hand
Shown how to feel good and told to feel bad


(Tongue tied and terrified we learned how to pray
Now our feelings run deep and cold as the clay)


Strung out behind us the banners and flags
Of our possible pasts lie in tatters and rags


Do you remember me? How we used to be?
Do you think we should be closer?
(Closer, closer, closer, closer, closer, closer, closer)


One of the Few


When you’re one of the few to land on your feet
What do you do to make ends meet? (Teach)


Make 'em mad, make 'em sad, make 'em add two and two
Or make 'em me, or make 'em you, make 'em do what you want them to
Make 'em laugh, make 'em cry, make 'em lay down and die


When the Tigers Broke Free


It was just before dawn one miserable
Morning in black Forty-Four


When the forward commander was told to sit tight
When he asked that his men be withdrawn


And the Generals gave thanks as the other ranks
Held back the enemy tanks for a while
And the Anzio bridgehead was held for the price
Of a few hundred ordinary lives


And kind old King George sent Mother a note
When he heard that Father was gone


It was, I recall, in the form of a scroll
With gold leaf and all
And I found it one day
In a drawer of old photographs, hidden away


And my eyes still grow damp to remember
His Majesty signed with his own rubber stamp


It was dark all around, there was frost in the ground


When the Tigers broke free


And no one survived
From the Royal Fusiliers Company Z
They were all left behind
Most of them dead, the rest of them dying


And that's how the High Command
Took my daddy from me


The Hero’s Return


Jesus, Jesus, what’s it all about?
Trying to clout these little ingrates into shape
When I was their age all the lights went out
There was no time to whine and mope about
And even now part of me flies over


Dresden at angels one five


Though they’ll never fathom it behind my
Sarcasm desperate memories lie




Sweetheart, sweetheart, are you fast asleep? Good
‘Cause that’s the only time that I can really speak to you
And there is something that I’ve locked away
A memory that is too painful
To withstand the light of day


When we came back from the war
The banners and flags hung on everyone’s door
We danced and we sang in the street and
The church bells rang
But the burning in my heart
The memory smolders on
Of the gunner's dying words on the intercom


The Gunner’s Dream


Floating down, through the clouds
Memories come rushing up to meet me now


But in the space between the heavens
And the corner of some foreign field


I had a dream
I had a dream


Good-bye Max
Good-bye Ma
After the service, when you’re walking slowly to the car
And the silver in her hair shines in the cold November air
You hear the tolling bell
And touch the silk in your lapel
And as the tear drops rise to meet the comfort of the band


You take her frail hand
And hold on to the dream!


(“Oi!")
A place to stay
("Over here, Morris!”)
Enough to eat
(“Get back! Get back, John
!”)
Somewhere old heroes shuffle safely down the street
Where you can speak out loud
About your doubts and fears
And what’s more, no-one ever disappears
You never hear their standard issue kicking in your door


You can relax on both sides of the tracks
And maniacs don’t blow holes in bandsmen by remote control


And everyone has recourse to the law
And no one kills the children anymore
No one kills the children anymore


Night after night
Going round and round my brain
His dream is driving me insane


In the corner of some foreign field


The gunner sleeps tonight
What’s done is done
We cannot just write off his final scene


Take heed of the dream
Take heed


Paranoid Eyes


Button your lip and don’t let the shield slip
Take a fresh grip on your bullet proof mask
And if they try to break down your disguise with their questions
You can hide, hide, hide
Behind paranoid eyes




You put on our brave face and slip over the road for a jar
Fixing your grin as you casually lean on the bar
Laughing too loud at the rest of the world
With the boys in the crowd
You can hide, hide, hide


(“I’ll tell you what, I’ll give you three blacks, and play you for five")
Behind petrified eyes
(“Ta! You was unlucky there son”)
You believed in their stories of fame, fortune and glory
Now you’re lost in a haze of alcohol soft middle age


The pie in the sky
 turned out to be miles too high
And you hide, hide, hide
(“Time gentleman!”)
Behind brown and mild eyes




“Oi!”


Get Your Filthy Hands Off My Desert


(Hey! Get your filthy hands off my desert!)
(What'd he say?)


Brezhnev took Afghanistan


Begin took Beirut


Galtieri took the Union Jack


And Maggie, over lunch one day
Took a cruiser with all hands
Apparently, to make him give it back


The Fletcher Memorial Home


Take all your overgrown infants away somewhere
And build them a home, a little place of their own


The Fletcher Memorial Home


For Incurable Tyrants and Kings


And they can appear to themselves every day
On closed circuit TV
To make sure they’re still real
It’s the only connection they feel


Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Reagan and Haig
Mr. Begin and friend, Mrs. Thatcher, and Paisley (Hello Maggie!)
Mr. Brezhnev and party


(Scusi dov’è il bar?)


The ghost of McCarthy,
And the memories of Nixon


And now, adding colour (Da questa parte)
A group of anonymous Latin-American meat packing glitterati"


Did they expect us to treat them with any respect?


They can polish their medals and sharpen their smiles,
And abuse themselves playing games for awhile
Boom boom, bang bang, lie down you’re dead


Safe in the permanent gaze of a cold glass eye
Their favourite toy
They’ll be good girls and boys


In the Fletcher Memorial Home for colonial
Wasters of life and limb
Is everyone in?
Are you having a nice time?
(Goodbye!)
Now the final solution can be applied


Southampton Dock


They disembarked in '45
And no-one spoke and no-one smiled
There were too many spaces in the line


Gathered at the cenotaph


All agreed with the hand on heart
To sheath the sacrificial Knifes


But now
She stands upon Southampton dock
With her handkerchief, and her summer frock
Clings to her wet body in the rain
In quiet desperation
Knuckles white upon the slippery reins
She bravely waves the boys goodbye again


And still the dark stain spreads between their shoulder blades


A mute reminder of the poppy fields and graves


And when the fight was over
We spent what they had made, but
In the bottom of our hearts we felt the final cut


The Final Cut


Through the fish-eyed lens of tear stained eyes


I can barely define the shape of this moment in time


And far from flying high in clear blue skies
I'm spiraling down to the hole in the ground where I hide
If you negotiate the minefield in the drive
And beat the dogs and cheat the cold electronic eyes


And if you make it past the shotguns in the hall
Dial the combination, open the priesthole
And if I'm in I'll tell you (What's behind the wall)


*Shot* (Yahoo!)


There's a kid who had a big hallucination


Making love to girls in magazines


He wonders if you're sleeping with your new found faith
Could anybody love him
Or is it just a crazy dream?


And if I show you my dark side
Will you still hold me tonight?
And if I open my heart to you
And show you my weak side
What would you do?


Would you sell your story to Rolling Stone?


Would you take the children away
And leave me alone?
And smile in reassurance
As you whisper down the phone?
Would you send me packing?
Or would you take me home?


Thought I oughta bare my naked feelings
Thought I oughta tear the curtain down


I held the blade in trembling hands
Prepared to make it but...
Just then the phone rang


I never had the nerve to make the final cut


“Hello? Listen, I think I've got it."


"Okay, listen, it's a- Hahahaha!”


Not Now John


Fuck all that, we've got to get on with these


(Fuck all that, fuck all that)


Got to compete with the wily Japanese


There’s too many home fires burning and not enough trees


(Fuck all that)
So fuck all that, we've gotta get on with these
(Gotta get on with these)




Can’t stop, lose job
Mind gone, silicon


Stroll on what bomb?


Get away, pay day
Make hay, break down


Need fix, big six
Click, click


Hold on, oh no
Bingo! (Bingo!)



Make them laugh, make them cry
Make them dance in the aisles
Make them pay, make them stay
Make them feel okay


Not now John, we've got to get on with the film show


(Gotta get on, gotta get on)


Hollywood waits at the end of the rainbow
(End of the rainbow)


Who cares what it’s about as long as the kids go
(As long as the kids go)


So, not now John, we've gotta get on with the show


(Gotta get on with the show, gotta get on, gotta get on)


(Gotta get on, gotta get on, gotta get on)
Hang on John I've got to get on with this
(Gotta get on, gotta get on)


I don’t know what it is, but it fits on here like-- tsss


Come at the end of the shift, we’ll go and get pissed


But not now John, I've gotta get on with this
(Gotta get on with this, gotta get on)
Hold on John, I think there’s something good on
I used to read books but...
*Unintelligible gurgling and hissing*


It could be the news or some other abuse
Could be reusable shows


Fuck all that, we've gotta get on with these


(Doo, doo, wah)
Got to compete with the wily Japanese


(Gotta get on, gotta get on)
No need to worry about the Vietnapeace


(Doo, doo, wah)
Got to bring the Russian Bear to his knees


(Gotta get on)
Well, maybe not the Russian Bear, maybe the Swedes


(Doo, doo, wah)
We showed Argentina, now let’s go and show these


(Gotta get on, gotta get on)
Make us feel tough and wouldn't Maggie be pleased?


(Doo, doo, wah)
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na
(Na, na, na, na, na, na, na!)
One, two, Free Four!


(One, two, Free Four!)


S'cusi, dov'è il bar? (What?)
Se parakalo, pou einai to bar?
S’il vous plaît, où est le bar? (Say it in English, fairy!)
Oi, where’s the fucking bar John? (Oh, now you’re talking!)


(Rule Britannia! Britannia rules the day)


Down! Go, Maggie!


Hammer, Hammer, Hammer, Hammer, now!


Two Suns in the Sunset


In my rear view mirror the sun is going down
Sinking behind bridges in the road


And I think of all the good things
That we have left undone


And I suffer premonitions, confirm suspicions
Of the holocaust to come


The rusty wire that holds the cork that keeps the anger in
Gives way and suddenly it’s day again


The sun is in the east
Even though the day is done


Two suns in the sunset, hmph
Could be the human race is run


Like the moment when the brakes lock
And you slide towards the big truck (“Oh no!”)
You stretch the frozen moments with your fear (*Scream*)
And you’ll never hear their voices ("Daddy, Daddy!")
And you’ll never see their faces


You have no recourse to the law anymore


And as the windshield melts and my tears evaporate
Leaving only charcoal to defend


Finally I understand
The feelings of the few


Ashes and diamonds, 
foe and friend
We were all equal in the end




“…and now the weather. Tomorrow will be cloudy with scattered showers spreading from the east
 …
With an expected high of 4000 degrees Celsius”